[Music]
welcome back to gear wire.com I'm onna
Malley and this guy right here is the
marshal class 5
the class 5 is a 5 watt 1 by 10 guitar
combo and it is all - this guy has - 12
x 7 preamp tubes and a single el84 in
the power section it's a super simple
amp design kind of harkens back to the
Bluesbreakers circuit so some very great
classic rock sounds as you can hear some
pretty great high gain tones out of this
thing - it is a single channel amp there
is only a volume control and then a 3
band eq and that's about it but you can
get a pretty decent array of sounds out
of this guy if we crank up the bass and
dial back the other two bands
get some real sort of early 60s sounding
guitar stuff but as you could hear the
beginning you get some more hot modern
high gain sounds for sure if we crank up
the mid a little bit and turn everything
else down
you
so cool bluesy sounds so a pretty
versatile little amp it doesn't ever get
super clean if we turn down the master
volume here and turn up the volume of
the guitar
that's about as clean wrong as you're
going to get out of this thing you know
it's never really chai me but for home
studio sort of arena rock sounds this
guy is a great way to go it's five watts
and saturates real low volume so
[Music]
so there you go that's the marshal class
5 retails for about $400 from most
stores so you can find it for a little
bit less some places so if you're
looking for a good recording amp for
hard rock sounds classic rock sounds
good blues overdrive sounds hard to go
wrong with the Marshall class 5 you been
watching gear wire calm and I'm onna
Malley and thanks for checking us out